three prosecutors of the republic were now few in the secretariat of
public security chief of the republic's procuratorate in piauí
marco thulio walks and the prosecutors catch a deed and that they are there
said they talked for about an hour with security secretary raimundo
prosecutors are concerned about the investigations into the death of the
university student fernanda lages you will find dead in
circumstances which have not yet been clarified at the construction site of the
federal prosecutor's office we came to deal directly with the secretary of
security to know
the blending is the unfolding of
of events
What is a federal bag?
treated his nanda his investigations he intends the identification of the
authors
We also want you to
to top
to the state security organs
and this is the crime and excuse do not identify the perpetrator of the crime
asked the federal police to come into the case be cd of his viability without
reason given but having been in a public building
it is a work not in the first moment the federal police are
would help students in some aspects of country expertise on the spot we already
We had contact with the federal police, not only today but also
on fact day
it was 7 in the morning
I have already asked to be referred to the federal police team for
go along
knowing the patriot that it was a crime of life justice competence
state then here
he in fact and the civil police and judicial police of the state that would be
responsible
but obviously we asked at that moment to also the minutes
the participation of the federal police in what was needed and continues he leaves
clear that the security secretary's egg that the federal police be
will always be at your disposal whenever you need to consider your device
but
because it is security and
the state bodies involved will say
need for now they air today today I ask in the morning was there
federal police to request that the federal police along with experts
civil police larrea
accompanying in this case in some aspects of the
executive actions of federal police equipment
It's more, this is what we want, it's to be elucidated.
regardless of who the author is who is in this age
you know you know piauí the federal state no no no it's not
concerned with who the author is if he has any political economic influence
already portugal whenever the tata performance he takes care of the presence of you
here as well as getting the ministry here because to worry about this
instability
which also concern society is this we are worried yes no
can we omit this we are worried and want it to be
identified the perpetrator of the crime but whenever I repeat it is about
security guaranteed
big we are trusting him
we are trusting him here and to be identified the perpetrator of this crime is the
that we want to wake up for the fact happened in the museum building by
after entering the regional labor court
we want to know all the circumstances to detail convincingly
convincing convincing result